It's a sad commentary on the current times that I have to include
this file at all.  I'm sorry that I have to (or that I think I
have to).  I'd like to simply spread this code around under sort
of a "gentleman's agreement" of reasonable behavior, but
attitudes about copyright, liability, and the like these days
often seem to be anything but reasonable.

The copyright notices scattered through this package all say
something like "Copyright by Steve Summit.  Freely
redistributable if these notices are retained.  Commercial use
will require permission of the author."  This means that you can
do practically anything you want with this code provided that:

     1.	you leave my name and copyright on it, and don't try to 
	misrepresent as your own, and

     2.	you don't charge money for the code as such.

The second point deserves elaboration.  I don't mind if you use
this package as an internal tool within a commercial
organization.  I also don't mind if you link products against this
package and then sell those products (containing linked-in,
executable code derived from these sources).  What I don't want
you to do, without asking me first, is to sell the library as a
library, in source, object, or object library form, either by
itself or as part of a larger C run-time library.  I may give you
permission to do this, but I will first want to discuss
maintenance, liability, and remuneration.

A note about liability: I accept responsibility for this code,
but not liability.  This is high-quality code, and it should work
well for you.  If it doesn't, I'd like to hear about it, and I'll
probably try to fix it.  I'll even offer a no-questions-asked,
money-back guarantee: if for any reason you are not satisfied
with the performance of this code, simply return it for a prompt
refund of your original purchase price.  However, if you use this
code in such a way that its failure costs you time, money, or
(heaven help us!) personal injury, I cannot be held liable for
those damages.

I'm no lawyer, and this file is probably not legally binding. 
(Among other things, it uses lower-case letters as well as
upper-case, and tends not to use a string of synonyms where one
word will do.)  If you wanted to, you could probably figure out a
way to circumvent the copyright notice and steal this code and
make money off of it, or to sue me if its failure did cost you
time, money, or personal injury.  Let me merely point out that
neither of these actions would be very gentlemanly, and that I do
not have deep pockets.  If you want to sue somebody, I would
suggest you pick the largest corporation on the news feed path
from my site to your site.
